New resource `azurerm_vmware_cluster` (#10848)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/vmware_cluster.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "VMware (AVS)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vmware_cluster"
description: |-
  Manages a Vmware Cluster.
---

# azurerm_vmware_cluster

Manages a Vmware Cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
  disable_correlation_request_id = true
}

> 

Author: Yes. This needs to be included wherever we create a vmware private cloud.

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_vmware_private_cloud" "example" {
  name                = "example-vmware-private-cloud"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  sku_name            = "av36"

  management_cluster {
    size = 3
  }

  network_subnet_cidr         = "192.168.48.0/22"
  internet_connection_enabled = false
  nsxt_password               = "QazWsx13$Edc"
  vcenter_password            = "WsxEdc23$Rfv"
}

resource "azurerm_vmware_cluster" "example" {
  name             = "example-Cluster"
  private_cloud_id = azurerm_avs_private_cloud.example.id
  cluster_size     = 3
  sku_name         = "av36"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Vmware Cluster. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

* `private_cloud_id` - (Required) The ID of the Vmware Private Cloud to create the Vmware Cluster. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

> * `cluster_size` - (Required) The size of the Vmware Cluster.

Reviewer: measured in?

> * `cluster_size` - (Required) The number of the Vmware Cluster.

Reviewer: can we change this to make sense?

> * `sku_name` - (Required) The cluster sku name. Possible values are `av20`, `av36` and `av36t`. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sku_name` - (Required) The cluster sku to use. Possible values are `av20`, `av36` and `av36t`. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.
```

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Vmware Cluster.

> * `cluster_name` - The ID of the Vmware Cluster.

Reviewer: could we explain what this actually represents? the azure id of the cluster is resource.id, is this vmware_workspace_cluster_id maybe? please explain what all properties are in docs

> * `cluster_number` - The ID number of the Vmware Cluster in this Vmware Private Cloud.

Author: Yes. It's an ID to distinguish the clusters within a private cloud.

---
subcategory: "VMware (AVS)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vmware_cluster"
description: |-
  Manages a Vmware Cluster.
---

# azurerm_vmware_cluster

Manages a Vmware Cluster.

## Example Usage

> ~> **NOTE :**  Normal `terraform apply` could ignore this note. Please disable correlation request id for continuous operations in one build (like acctest) in Vmware. The continuous operations like `update` or `delete` could not be triggered when it shares the same `correlation-id` with its previous operation in Vmware.
> 
> ```hcl
> provider "azurerm" {
>   features {}
>   disable_correlation_request_id = true
>   # In Vmware Acctest (or continuous operations in one build), we need to disable correlation request id to prevent following operations are not triggered 
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE :**  Normal `terraform apply` could ignore this note. Please disable correlation request id for continuous operations in one build (like acctest) in Vmware. The continuous operations like `update` or `delete` could not be triggered when it shares the same `correlation-id` with its previous operation in Vmware.

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
  disable_correlation_request_id = true
  # In Vmware Acctest (or continuous operations in one build), we need to disable correlation request id to prevent following operations are not triggered 
}
```

wait, so this is only a problem in acctests? not with normal tf plan and apply? if soe we should remove this from the docs and not say anything. normal users need to know about this - just leave a comment in the tests explaining it and linking to an issue on the SDK/something tracking the bug

  management_cluster {
    size = 3
  }

  network_subnet_cidr         = "192.168.48.0/22"
  internet_connection_enabled = false
  nsxt_password               = "QazWsx13$Edc"
  vcenter_password            = "WsxEdc23$Rfv"
}

resource "azurerm_vmware_cluster" "example" {
  name               = "example-Cluster"
  vmware_cloud_id    = azurerm_vmware_private_cloud.example.id
  cluster_node_count = 3
  sku_name           = "av36"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Vmware Cluster. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

* `vmware_cloud_id` - (Required) The ID of the Vmware Private Cloud in which to create this Vmware Cluster. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

* `cluster_node_count` - (Required) The count of the Vmware Cluster nodes.

* `sku_name` - (Required) The cluster sku to use. Possible values are `av20`, `av36`, and `av36t`. Changing this forces a new Vmware Cluster to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Vmware Cluster.

> * `cluster_number` - The number of this Vmware Cluster in its Vmware Private Cloud.

Reviewer: lets be clear here 
```suggestion
* `vmware_cloud_cluster_number` - A number that identifies this Vmware Cluster in its Vmware Private Cloud.
```
or
```suggestion
* `vmware_cloud_cluster_id` - A number that identifies this Vmware Cluster in its Vmware Private Cloud.
```
